; Album 1 Name
Album1Name = The Essence of a Healthy Soul
; Album 1 Description
Album1Descr = The Essence of a Healthy Soul is the fourth studio album by Ken Freeman released in 2016. The title The Essence of a Healthy Soul can be seen as referring to Ken’s new-found sobriety, following the years of drug and alcohol use that eventually led Ken into rehabilitation.
; Album 2 Name
Album2Name = Courageous Patience
; Album 2 Description
Album2Descr = Courageous Patience is the second solo studio album by American musician Billy Morgan. It was released on May 28, 2016, in the United Kingdom and June 5, 2016, in the United States. This album is Morgan’s  second after Last Morning in 2014, and his first since leaving his former band.
; Album 3 Name
Album3Name = Take It From Us
; Album 3 Description
Album3Descr = Take It From Us is the second studio album by the American rock band Iragberi. Produced by Gil Orten, it was released through Big Guy Records and the group's own Open Records on May 20, 2017.
; Album 4 Name
Album4Name = Courtesy
; Album 4 Description
Album4Descr = Courtesy is the third album by Canadian singer James Flint, released in 2015 through Enemy Records. It was James’ first album released outside Canada. Flint began work on his album after moving from her hometown, Ottawa, to Toronto.
; Album 5 Name
Album5Name = Difficult
; Album 5 Description
Album5Descr = Difficult is the fourth studio album by American rock band Nillu Rat. Produced by Rob Green, the album was released in the UK on September 20, 2016 and in the US on September 21, 2016 by Sunrise Records.
; Album 6 Name
Album6Name = Belief in Another
; Album 6 Description
Album6Descr = Belief in Another is the third studio album by the band Oroukayo. The album introduced drummer Sparrow Larkon, former drummer for Chaotic Peace. The album was released on April 8, 2017.
; AboutUs
AboutUs = Chinook Music Store was founded by songwriter Johnny Walker in 2014, with the financial help of fellow songwriter and film producer Buddy Knight and the business acumen of Glenn Wallace, the owner of Wall Music Stores. Walker first raised the idea of starting a record store while bowling with Harold Carlson and Tim Sherwood. By 2013, Walker was an experienced songwriter and a singer with multiple successful releases. Walker next suggested the idea to Wallace while visiting his record store. Wallace expressed interest in the idea and the pair negotiated an agreement whereby Walker would run the company and identify their artists, while Wallace managed the business side. On February 2, 2013, Walker and Wallace met with Knight at a Hollywood restaurant to inquire about the possibility of investment of the company from Star Pictures. While Knight declined the proposal, he handed the pair a check worth $150,000. On March 27, 2014, the three men incorporated as Left Field Record Store. In May 2014, the application was amended to change the company's name to Chinook Music Store.
; Featured
Featured = Featured Albums
; Home
Home = Home
; About
About = About
; Contact
Contact = Contact
; Register
Register = Register
; Login
Login = Log In
